George Woltman's text from the prime95 source code download page is included
here to clarify the terms and conditions regarding use and distribution of
the source and object code.

Portions of this module that were developed specifically for PrimeForm/GW fall
under the same licensing restrictions as all OpenPFGW packages, check the
relevant files in the root of your OpenPFGW source tree for details. Check the
comments at the top of each source file to check which files this applies to.
Unless otherwise stated, files in this directory fall under the license
agreement applying to George Woltman's prime95 source code. The license for
Mr Woltman's code follows.

If you use my (George Woltman's) source code to find Mersenne primes, you must
agree to adhere to the GIMPS prize rules at http://www.mersenne.org/prize.htm.
Other than that restriction, you may use this code as you see fit.

The GIMPS prize rules are included here for completeness.

The Electronic Frontier Foundation is offering a $100,000 award to the first
person or group to discover a ten million digit prime number. If you find such
a prime with the software provided, GIMPS will claim the award and distribute
the award according to the following rules.

No money will be awarded unless and until GIMPS discovers a 10,000,000 digit
prime, it is independently verified, and EFF validates our claim according to
their rules. Verification is likely to take over a year and publication in a
suitable academic refereed journal as required by EFF rules will likely take
another six months.

For tax reasons, no money will be awarded until GIMPS is incorporated as a
non-profit organization. You are responsible for all applicable taxes.

Up to $20,000 total will be awarded to the discoverers of new Mersenne primes
found after September 1, 1999 and prior to the discovery of the 10,000,000
digit prime. Each new Mersenne prime will receive a maximum of $5,000.

Up to $10,000 total will be awarded to the discoverers of mathematical or
algorithmic breakthroughs in searching for Mersenne primes. To qualify for the
entire award the breakthrough must be simple enough to be implemented in
prime95 and double current throughput. George Woltman will be the sole
determiner of whether a suggested breakthrough will be implemented, how it
affects throughput, and the dollar amount to be awarded. Examples of what does
not qualify: optimizations of the present code, new CPU architectures,
suggesting a parallelized FFT implementation, etc. Examples of what might
qualify: a faster way to find factors, a way to eliminate or speed up
double-checking, a new way to use smaller FFT sizes, etc.

Up to $20,000 will be awarded to GIMPS, Inc. to cover expenses or fund future
awards.

$25,000 will be awarded to the charity of George Woltman's choice for
organizing GIMPS and providing the software.

The remainder goes to the discoverer of the 10,000,000 digit prime.

If a group or team wishes to make a claim of one of the above awards, they
must appoint a single individual to make the claim and disburse the award.

These rules may be changed at any time prior to the discovery of a 10,000,000
digit prime.

The decisions of the GIMPS board of directors in applying the rules above and
granting awards is final. Prior to GIMPS' incorporation the decision of
George Woltman is final.

If you were to find a 10,000,000 digit prime today the above rules imply that
$5,000 would go to Michael Cameron, discoverer of the 39th Mersenne prime,
$0 would go to discoverers of algorithmic breakthroughs, $20,000 would go to
GIMPS primarily to fund future awards, $25,000 would go to charity, and
$50,000 would go to you.

Now the bad news. Testing a single 10,000,000 digit number takes a full year
on a 500 MHz Pentium III computer. Your chance of success is roughly 1 in
250,000. Someone may find a 10,000,000 digit prime before GIMPS does.
