The code in this directory uses parts of George Woltman's FFT implementation
as used in the prime95 Mersenne primality-testing program. Mr Woltman made
several additions to the program to allow support for PrimeForm/GW's general
testing algorithms. The files in this package are primarily the C interface
to George Woltman's highly-optimized assembler. The files have been modified
for compatibility with PrimeForm/GW.

George Woltman's text from the prime95 source code download page is included
here for your reference. Be sure to also read the accompanying LICENSE file
for the terms and conditions regarding the distribution and use of this
module. Mr Woltman has kindly clarified the terms and conditions and has
explicitly stated that the GIMPS prize rules apply to Mersenne prime
discoveries only.

The source code for George Woltman's program is highly optimized Intel
assembly language, there are many more readable FFT algorithms available on
the web and in textbooks. The program is also completely non-portable. If you
are curious anyway, you can download all the source code(1129K) at
http://www.mersenne.org/source.htm. This file includes all the version 20
source code for Windows 95, Windows NT, and Linux. Sorry, no source for
Windows 3.1 and the screen savers. Use the -d option in pkunzip to unzip the
source.

George Woltman's program is very loosely based on C code written by
Richard Crandall. Luke Welsh has started a web page that points to Richard
Crandall's program and other available source code you can use to help 
search for Mersenne primes. This is a great place for UNIX users to go.
